mr pacific flight 7500 do you copy
7 500 do you copy
[Music]
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will explain flight 7500 this movie
tells the story of flight 7500 from los
angeles to tokyo unexpectedly things
take a turn for the worse when a
supernatural force begins killing the
people on board one by one will anyone
survive in the end let's find out in
flight 7500
flight 7500 tells the story of the vista
pacific 7500 airline that will travel
from los angeles to tokyo two flight
attendants were seen getting ready
before the plane took off one of the
flight attendants laura turns out to
secretly have an affair with the pilot
another flight attendant susie arrived a
bit late because she had to attend her
sister's wedding susie's face showed
that she was a little jealous of her
sister for going before her in marriage
the passengers began to board the plane
one by one married couple brad and pia
occupy first class upstairs they were
accompanying their partner who was going
on vacation to tokyo brad and pia agreed
to divorce after they returned from the
vacation in economy class downstairs
rick and liz are a newlywed couple going
on their honeymoon in tokyo this has a
cocky disposition as well as a lot of
whimsy she didn't want to sit close to
anyone luckily her husband was patient
enough to deal with it another passenger
in economy class was lance a businessman
carrying an antique box then there was a
girl named racquel who was on a video
call with her boyfriend before the plane
took off next to her a man named jake
was trying to start a chat with her when
a flight attendant tells jake to turn
off his cell phone racquel looks into
his open bag and sees a lot of cell
phones inside then there was a gothic
looking girl named jessina who took the
seat next to liz apart from them there
were more than a hundred passengers who
boarded the plane before takeoff laura
tries to contact the captain because she
gets an emergency message from ground
control about a series of important
checks they've missed but it turned out
that the captain was behind laura and
surprised her by hugging her from behind
the captain named pete often has an
affair with laura even though he is
married laura was about to send an
emergency message from ground control
but the captain immediately left as soon
as he got a phone call from his wife the
plane finally took off and flew at a
cruising altitude of 10 000 feet shortly
after that the plane experienced
turbulence as it broke through a dense
layer of clouds the incident did not
take long but many passengers panicked
and were frightened including lance who
had a sudden panic attack lance was
hyperventilating which caused him to
have difficulty breathing normally the
flight attendants tried to calm him down
laura then announced to all passengers
and asked if any passengers worked as
doctors because an economy-class
passenger suddenly felt sick and needed
help brad who is a medical worker
immediately rushed to economy class on
the other hand rick who saw the flight
attendants having a hard time calming
lance down tried to help them as best he
could brad told the flight attendants
that he was a doctor and they
immediately gave him a place where he
could freely check on lance's condition
lance's condition was getting worse
because he started vomiting blood he was
also having convulsions until his
breathing stopped brett who realized
this immediately asked other passengers
to help lay lance on the plane floor
brad and rick tried to give rescue
breaths but their efforts were in vain
because lance had already died if lance
was still breathing maybe they'd make an
emergency landing so he could get
medical attention as soon as possible
but because he has died the plane will
continue its journey to tokyo and
medical personnel will treat his body
when the plane arrives because of this
incident passengers in first class will
inevitably have to move to economy class
the flight crew had to do this because
they had nowhere else to put the body
after the situation became conducive
racquel then went to the toilet with a
pregnancy test meanwhile laura toured
economy class while offering hot coffee
to the passengers as she passed lance's
chair she saw that lance's molar had
fallen from his gums and was still
covered in blood she was so surprised
that she fell
not only that she also saw blood marks
on lance's chair which suddenly dried up
elsewhere brad noticed that his nails
were turning blue and the bottle of
water he was holding began to deflate
laura rushed into the seat put on the
seat belt and then ordered all the
passengers to put on their seat belts
the plane again experienced turbulence
which caused great shocks as a result
the pressure in the cabin dropped
drastically and they were required to
wear oxygenates to keep breathing then
thick white smoke appeared suddenly
filled the plain cabin racquel who was
in the toilet was in shock and had
difficulty breathing because there was
no oxygen brad started helping people
who had trouble putting on oxygenates he
then saw his wife unconscious because
she was not using oxygen aids brad
rushed over to his wife but he struggled
to catch his breath and get on his feet
as the plane shook everyone was very
panicked and frightened because the
turbulence this time was longer than
before brad finally managed to reach the
emergency oxygen aid and immediately
helped pia not long after the plane was
no longer shaking and the pressure in
the cabin began to return to normal
gradually all passengers and flight crew
can breathe normally again without
oxygen aids captain pete later announced
that the plane had leaked due to
previous turbulence causing pressure
problems in the cabin the pilot then
reassured the passengers to remain calm
because the flight crew would
immediately repair the damage
after that laura finds racquel passed
out in the toilet she then took quick
action by giving her an emergency oxygen
kit laura's efforts were not in vain
racquel began to regain consciousness
and finally breathe normally again on
the other hand pia thanks brad for
saving her life brad tries to persuade
pia to keep their marriage but pia still
insists on getting a divorce from brad
when things started to get quiet and
many of the passengers were already
asleep jake crept upstairs to first
class on the other hand liz who was
looking at her wedding photos on her
laptop suddenly saw the reflection of
lance's figure on the laptop screen liz
then looked back but no one was there
jake who had arrived upstairs then
approached lance's body which was
covered in cloth apparently he is
interested in lance's fancy watch and
intends to steal it after removing the
luxury watch from his wrist jake
immediately took out his cell phone and
idly wanted to record a video with
lance's corpse for memory but lance's
corpse suddenly moved and jake screamed
hysterically meanwhile in the plain
pantry laura and susie were doing their
work while chatting when laura
accidentally looked out the window she
saw an f-16 fighter jet flying beside
their plane and assumed something had
happened susie then told laura that she
had not seen the passenger named jake
anywhere laura and susie then looked for
jake's whereabouts they then asked
racquel who was sitting next to jake
racquel said that jake went upstairs
laura and susie immediately looked for
jake upstairs but when they got there
they didn't find jake anywhere not only
that lance's corpse which had been
placed on the top floor had now
disappeared as well laura immediately
reported this to captain pete and told
the pilot that she saw an f-16 fighter
jet flying next to them but captain pete
said he didn't see any plans on the
other hand raqqa went to the toilet
again to take a pregnancy test while she
was waiting for her test results
suddenly thick white smoke appeared and
filled the toilet like when the plane
experienced turbulence before but
racquel's horror didn't stop there
because suddenly from the plane toilet
floor a pair of pale skinned hands
appeared holding her legs racquel
screamed hysterically news of the
disappearance of lance and jake's body
spread quickly on the plane several
passengers then approached the flight
attendants and said they had also seen
lance sightings in various places after
he died brad thought that the
disappearance of lance and jake's bodies
most likely had to do with lance himself
captain pete then asked laura to search
for lance and jake's bodies laura
replied there had been no further
developments and the two had not yet
been found laura said that she wanted to
end her romance with pete laura wanted
pete to care and love her family more
the pilot could not help but accept her
decision
brad rick and their wives then
investigate lance's belongings on the
plane the two married couples did not
find anything suspicious in lance's bag
they only found a few sample bottles
containing strands of hair labeled with
women's names jacinda then came to them
while carrying lance's antique box which
she had suspected from the beginning
after they opened the box they found a
scary doll often called a shinigami doll
lance turns out to be a puppet
businessman the hair in the sample
bottle is the hair of the doll lance
intends to hand over the doll to a
customer in tokyo
jason to then explain that in japanese
belief shinigami are gods of death she
continued that people who had died had
to give up their death so that the
shinigami could pick up their spirits
and take them to the afterlife she is
sure that the appearance of lance's
figure after his death and the sudden
disappearance of his corpse is
associated with a shinigami in that case
it can be concluded that lance is not
willing to die and leave this world so
his spirit is still wandering on the
plane on the other hand laura who is
looking for jake and lance's body in the
trunk of the plane decides to search
lance's suitcase laura managed to find
the suitcase only by relying on the
light of her flashlight but before she
had time to open the suitcase suddenly
someone attacked her from behind the
frightened laura tried to save herself
but a pale skinned hand appeared from
the darkness and she screamed
hysterically susie waiting for laura to
get out of the trunk began to suspect
that something had happened to her
friend when susie looked in there a pale
skinned hand reappeared and tried to
catch her she then fled to the first
floor which was quiet and dark
just when susie thought it was safe
because several passengers started
arriving upstairs suddenly the
compartment above her head opened and
she was pulled up brad pie rick liz and
jason were shocked to see what happened
to susie the appearance of thick white
smoke in the cabin and the plane that
started to shake again only worsened
things they tried to run away from there
he and brad then headed to the cockpit
to tell the pilot everything that had
happened but once they got there the
cockpit door had opened captain pete and
his assistants have died jacinta who was
still upstairs was then surprised by the
appearance of an unexpected figure the
figure is herself she said that jason
had to let go of everything that had
happened jason to then approached the
figure and hugged her tightly downstairs
a panicked brad immediately ran to the
passenger cabin but brad fell because
his leg was tripped by racquel who was
lying stiff on the floor after brad
stood up and entered the economy class
cabin he was shocked by the terrifying
sight that lay before him brad didn't
get into the cabin rick saw brad's
strange behavior then asked him about
what he saw in the economy class cabin
but brad didn't answer rick and liz
finally got into the economy class cabin
to see for themselves what was going on
in there
followed by brad and pia the four of
them discovered that everyone in the
economy class cabin has died including
themselves they also remembered jess and
his words that all those who had died
had to give up their dead to cross
peacefully to the afterlife the
television in the cabin suddenly turned
on a news headline showed that flight
7500 suffered a severe decompression due
to turbulence which caused the oxygen
aid to malfunction and radio
communication was cut off the f-16
fighter jet has confirmed that all
passengers and crew died from running
out of oxygen brad and pia finally
realized that they were all dead by then
during the previous violent turbulence
and having problems with the oxygen
device the f-16 fighter jet that laura
saw was observing what was happening on
the plane and saw that all the
passengers and crew had died they could
not confirm whether there were any
survivors of the incident but it is very
unlikely that anyone will survive
because the plane leaks the plane will
continue to fly on autopilot for five
hours and crash due to running out of
fuel
brad and pia finally accept their deaths
and hug each other as the plane runs out
of fuel and crashes into the ocean
moments later liz wakes up and finds the
plane empty apparently liz is the only
passenger who hasn't given up on her
death she then heard a strange sound
coming from one of the trash bins on the
plane when she opened it and looked
inside a pale skinned hand appeared and
she screamed hysterically the film ends
[Music]
you